[unitaryhack] Add a projector observable (#1356)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Ising XX gate functionality added. [(#1194)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1194)

> * Added Projector observable to default_qubit device. [(#1356)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1356)

Reviewer: After moving things to `QubitDevice` you could say 
```suggestion
* Added Projector observable, which is available on all devices inheriting from the `QubitDevice` class. [(#1356)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1356)
```

> * Added Projector observable, which is available on all devices inheriting from the `QubitDevice` class. [(#1356)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1356)

Reviewer 2: Nice 💪

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added Projector observable, which is available on all devices inheriting from the `QubitDevice` class.
  [(#1356)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1356)
```

@wongwsvincent if you would, it would be great to add a minimal code example here to highlight how it is used for anyone reading the changelog after the next release. Have a look at other entries to see how the examples are formatted :)
